feat(loadbalancer): add balancing rules MTA-2074 (#715)
scaleway/docs-content: network/load-balancer/concepts.mdx

<Concept opened>

## Balancing rules

> Load Balancers support three different modes of balancing the load sent to them;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load Balancers support three different modes of balancing the incoming load;
```

Author: ```suggestion
Load Balancers support three different modes of balancing the incoming load:
```

* **Round Robin**  

>   In round robin mode, each request is queued and then is assigned in a defined sequence to the backend servers. Basically, the load balancer acts like a turnstile. This is by far the most frequently used rule, and the easiest to implement as it is perfect for infrastructures that have identical backends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In round-robin mode, each request is queued and then assigned in a defined sequence to the backend servers. Basically, the load balancer acts like a turnstile. This is the most frequently used rule, and the easiest to implement as it is perfect for infrastructures that have identical backends.
```

* **Least Connection**  

>   In least connection mode, each request is assigned to the server with the fewest active connections. This rule works best when each user connects at different times, and helps keep the servers well-balanced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the least connection mode, each request is assigned to the server with the fewest active connections. This rule works best when each user connects at different times and helps keep the servers well-balanced.
```

* **First Connection**  

>   In first connection mode, the inbound request is directed towards the first server available for processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In first connection mode, the inbound request is directed towards the first server available for processing.
```
